Initial implementation (#1)
projectcaluma/caluma-interval: README.md

# caluma-interval

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/projectcaluma/caluma-interval.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/projectcaluma/caluma-interval)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-100%25-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/projectcaluma/caluma-interval/blob/master/.coveragerc#L5)
[![Black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/projectcaluma/caluma-interval)

> [Caluma](https://caluma.io/) companion app for handling intervalled forms.

Author: I agreee `intervalled forms` is not nice. I prefer your second suggestion, but it bothers me that it's technically incorrect. 

```suggestion
[Caluma](https://caluma.io/) companion app for periodic usage of forms.
```

> [Caluma](https://caluma.io/) companion app for handling intervalled forms.

Reviewer: Oh, because we're actually creating cases instead of forms, right? Should we consider something like "scheduled/periodic creation of cases"?

> [Caluma](https://caluma.io/) companion app for handling intervalled forms.

Reviewer: `form` is an optional parameter in `StartCaseInput` and this addon might also be useful for starting cases without forms, right?

> [Caluma](https://caluma.io/) companion app for handling intervalled forms.

Reviewer: As discussed: Let's go with "periodic usage of forms" :+1:

> [Caluma](https://caluma.io/) companion app for handling intervalled forms.

Author: Done!

# caluma-interval

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/projectcaluma/caluma-interval.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/projectcaluma/caluma-interval)
[![Coverage](https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-100%25-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/projectcaluma/caluma-interval/blob/master/.coveragerc#L5)
[![Black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/projectcaluma/caluma-interval)

[Caluma](https://caluma.io/) companion app for periodic usage of forms.

## Intervalled forms

There are forms you might want to use periodically. This project adds support for this

> by utilizing the `meta`-field of forms.

Reviewer 2: An example would be nice.. What use case does this support?

Author: Absolutely! I've added one.

Reviewer 2: Nice work on the example use case! More stories like this please :grin:
